All right. Okay.
Shout out demo. so [__] tough that
the internet died for but a moment.
Let's get this [__]
[__] going.
2025 works. Yeah, I was showing the on
the save demo. I wait for a few more
people to come back.
Um
Oh, wrong one. Oh, there we go. 25.
Okay. It's not showing me on my OBS yet.
Come on. Update the number.
Can anyone tell me how many people are
watching right now?
35. Okay, reasonable. Anyway, so it's
showing this
[Music]
And I
never knew there's a world to be
explored. The horizon
[Music]
and like I actually really like that
demo. It just didn't feel right for
fairy tales. But um
[Applause]
I' I've talked about this before
already, but it's actually in here.
[Music]
If you listen to the background here,
that version of On the Sea is in the is
in the synthesizers.
[Music]
I never listen.
So, a lot of times if I don't finish a
song, I sometimes will just like throw
little bits and pieces of those demos in
and stuff, but I keep thinking about the
original on the Sea demo. I'm like,
maybe one of these days I got to finish
that cuz like I mean it was cute. I
think the reason why I didn't finish it
the first time um is because
it sounded like contemporary church
music to me
and I was like, "Oh, okay." I when I
when I realized that I was like, "Oh,
that's like lame and shit." Um, but a
lot of like religious trauma is sort of
done. Like I I don't really experience
that as intensely anymore. I'm like,
"Fuck it. We'll make contemporary church
music. I don't give a [__]
It's like fine."
It's like so fine.
Um,
when was the demo made again? The
original On the Sea demo is from
September 30th, 2019.
But the actual On the Sea song was
finished.
Oh my god. I think I finished On the Sea
a day before the album released.
Just looking at the date, it says it
says all the files here from October
20th,
which is a day before Fairy Tales
released.
and I believe it. Um, most of my albums
up until
thinking with my big fat brain. Most of
my albums up until
damn which one
up until Carousel really I would finish
within the last few days before they
came out. My uh deadline work was really
bad.
The problem is is I get so excited to
release stuff that I'm like
um I I just can't wait. I just can't
wait. So I I announced things a little
too early and then I had the problem
with this like people being like cool it
was announced. Now what? And it doesn't
come out for too long. Um
I am not finished but it's fine. Uh,
what?
I'm finished. Okay. Um,
even even before or even after Carousel,
I was still cutting things pretty close.
Um, Girls Hair Wizards, Monarch, and
Love and Postep are the three albums
that I've like finally at least done
things a little bit more reasonably.
Um, I didn't give a release date or any
singles for Love and Post Stop till the
album was done. Same thing with Monarch.
Girl Wizards was cutting it a little bit
close. Like I was releasing singles
before the album was done, but a release
date was given when the album was done,
I think. Oh, no, it wasn't. Never mind.
I think I think being on time started
with Monarch.
Um
the the closest I've ever cut it was
I finished um
I finished Homeward Love uh not Love
Post. I was going to say Love Post for
some reason. I finished home word
hours before it went up and even after
it went up it wasn't available on
streaming or Band cam or anything cuz I
was I I was changing some things that
we're never we're not ever doing that
again but that did happen.
Um the reason why uh
I was working on basically the hours up
to it releasing was cuz the Living
Tombstone still had to get the our his
stems in. We we hadn't finished that
collaboration.
So, we were up at like 3:00 in the
morning, which is like nothing to me
now, but back then that was pretty late
for me. Um, up late till like 3:00 in
the morning just like finishing the song
in the hours leading up to release. It
was like really funny.
Yeah. First warm.
And I don't remember what I was
adjusting after that
cuz I was still doing changes.
I'm going to search swarm on my computer
and see
see what I see.
Oh, I was up till 5 in the morning. It
seems
this exports at 5:00 in the morning.
What's a normal bedtime for you mean
now? I'm going to bed at like 10:30 in
the morning currently
and then I
wake up at like 56 p p.m.
I'm hoping that this can be fixed soon.
I'm pretty sure I have a circadian
disorder, so it makes it hard to sleep
at a normal time. I would take sleeping
at like 5 in the morning. Like that's
fine because six hours of sleep is what
I usually get. So waking up before noon
is like I can still see the sun and go
outside. Lately, what I've been doing is
that when the sun comes up, I'll go
outside like in the hours before I go to
bed.
Like I'll go get sunlight before I go to
bed cuz I just I like being outside. I
used to be an indoor person and a
nighttime person. And the reality is is
now I'm the opposite.
like just the complete opposite.
Um I can't quite see
I can't quite see um what I was working
on before the album released or after
the album released, but I can see from
my files that Swarm took from August to
January to make.
Just moved to Europe. Easy fix. It's
also partially because of my u photo
sensitivity or just like I can't sleep
without the sun up for whatever reason.
So, I'm not sure entirely if that would
like fix everything, but whatever. Um,
oh, also I think I had mentioned at some
point that the original demo for Swarm
was Lost Media. Uh sometime
at the end of 2024, I actually found the
original uh GarageBand project file for
the original Swarm because uh again we
Silver and I had been developing
Starship Ponyville since 2012 and we
originally started coming up with ideas
musically for it in 2013. We had some
demos
um and one of them was Swarm
except um it was completely different
and we wouldn't actually end up doing
the song Swarm until 2019,
6 years later. Um
and I thought that the original Garage
Band demo for it was lost, but it
wasn't. We found it.
Uh, however, I don't think we're going
to play it on stream cuz I think I need
to be emotionally prepared for how um
what's the word? How uh crude and
unfinished it sounds for 14-year-old
Violet Pony.
I'm glad you liked it. Okay, no spoilers
for everyone who hasn't heard it yet,
but you should definitely play this
game. Um,
but nice. Okay, let's finish this puddle
though.
Well, that's just Ralph Egg.
[Music]
[Applause]
Sure.
[Music]
Crywolf and the echo flower. Help me.
Help me. Oh, wait. What?
No. What did I What did I do wrong?
What did I do wrong? Oh, it's
There's no amperand,
you [__] guy.
What?
What am I doing wrong?
I typed it everywhere. I know how.
Well,
you all saw it. I didn't actually get it
wrong. [__] you.
Someone We need We need We need the
patch notes.
Probably the heal tag. Oh, true.
What is this?
What on earth is this?
Is this just Maragold?
Okay. Store.
Oh, good. Okay.
Comets.
Wow, comet.
I wonder if comet will mean anything in
11 pony stuff. That's crazy.
[Applause]
Which ones are I missing? 2011. Let's
go.
[Music]
I think maybe the easiest songs for me
kind of start with Caris.
That's apparition again.
Spark. Fascinating.
Beautiful.
Yeah. Starting with, you know what's
crazy is I've actually always been doing
call backs in all of my albums. It's
just that
now that I now that we're getting to
albums that are calling back ones that
most people know, people are like
pointing them out. But I've always done
call backs to stuff.
It's been a part of my work. I think the
first time I started doing it was
When did I start really doing like
self-sampling and call back like
references to things? It must have been
with uh
it must have been Super Pony World 2016.
Yeah. I mean, even in like Homeward, for
example, it's like you're a control
freak with the [__] you want from me is
a reference to control freaks.
And that was that was in 2019.
I I I Guys, we we've talked about the
process of overrun, right? If I need to
talk about the overrun story, let me
know in chat because I will. But
was that colorless? I'm scared this is
not going to be colorless.
Oh, [__] the Oh, this is
when I close my eyes. [__]
Polaroid. I think I told this story as
well, but uh there was a game called
Comedy Night
uh where you could like do standup
comedy. It was also garbage. Like
everyone would just go up there and like
like do racial slurs and whatever, but I
went up there to do like to they had
like a a music night where you could
like play music for people. And I went
in, one of the only things I ever did on
that game was I went in and played
Polaroid and everyone booed me and I
never played the game again.
Oh my god.
[Applause]
I should know what this is.
Uh-oh. Okay, this is not good.
It's going to be painful when I figure
out what this is. Either the hard way or
the easy way.
[Music]
Is this Harper?
Nope. Oh, it's just Bonnie. Okay, that's
sad.
Oh, now I hear it. Oh my god. Oh, it's
the Okay,
whatever, man.
I deserve a loss for that one. That's
not good.
We'll we'll talk about Overrun. So,
I'll talk about Overrun. Then, I'm
actually going to do video games this
time on like all it took for was was
someone in chat yesterday to say, "Oh my
god, they know you did dub dub stuff."
And that like set me off for two hours.
I was like, "I'll prove it. I'll prove
it."
Uh, shout out Shout out Alena Fortune.
This [__] art is nuts, dude.
Oh my god.
Um, and also
for the cuz I made uh song banners
for everything. The uh corporate
illustration song banner looks like
this. And I took some of the Alina
Fortune [__] made these, I think. And
so I just took them and made a banner
out of them. They're in the background
here.
Yeah, the song banners are back. That's
indicative of things. Um,
but Overrun.
So,
what I find funny is that a lot of
people have not listened to Homeward or
any of the Starship Ponyo albums, but
enough people have heard Overrun
specifically.
So really quickly, that's the song.
[Music]
Oh, and Fiends. Fiends is a reference to
um Fiends from Horse Friends.
[Music]
at the
controls
[Music]
in the middle of the street at night.
I can't take this anymore.
[Music]
I live in.
Here's the thing, okay? You can start
with Horse Friends if you want to, but
Horse Friends is a real mixed bag. You
go from a decent song to maybe one of
the worst songs you've ever heard in
your life. That's that's kind of how
these old Violet albums are. Um, and yet
I I will defend all of my old albums,
even if they're garbage, because I had
so much fun making them, and they're so
they're so cute to me. They're so nice.
They kind of suck, but like, you know,
have some it's it's time to have some
fun, and I have a lot of fun with them.
Um, so that's kind of what Oberrun
sounds like. Um, important to note that,
um, a lot of these projects are part of
a story. We talked about that yesterday.
Um, and in 2015 I released the the EP
Control Freaks. It says Control Freaks
here as is, but originally it was titled
Control Freaks Part One, and the idea
was to release the part two.
It didn't release because I just didn't
finish it and I didn't I wouldn't didn't
feel confident in the project anymore.
Um,
oh, here really quickly. If you want to
know what I recommend in terms of
starting with the Violet Pony music, if
you're super dedicated and you're super
like wanting to challenge yourself,
you can visit the canon catalog.
Um,
which do I have a direct link to it on
my website or do I have to pull it up? I
don't remember. Hold on.
I think I've made the catalog a little
bit too obscure. I might have to put it
up on my website as like a main link.
But
now this is now this is going to be if
you haven't seen this before, this might
look really scary and that's primarily
because it is
um
help. Where is it? I can read.
There it is. Um,
you can visit the Violet Pony Cannon
catalog, which is this.
This is
everything.
So,
um, if you're if you're if you're
wanting to challenge yourself, just go
to the canon catalog and start here and
just make your way downward.
For FYI, this list is
7 674
rows long.
Um, what you might guess from this is
that I like to make music sometimes.
Um, I'll put it in chat.
Let's get this in here. Paste. There you
go. But I do need to link this properly
in other places.
But this this is the Violet Pony Cannon
catalog.
And we have uh there is sometimes notes
for clarification.
Some things aren't even fully cataloged
and some things are ratconed and removed
from the list. You can watch the Violet
Pony era's update video for more stuff
about that.
But yeah,
that's all nice. That's so colorcoded
and like awesome and like I spent way
too long on this.
It's linked on your website via album
ear songers.
But that's not obvious enough to
everyone.
Unless to a row a year for the next 674
years, then Ara speed
to you. Um, but anyway, Overrun was
originally going to be on control freaks
part two.
We know this because I'll show
uh I didn't mean to do that. Stop it.
Straight playlist. Um
from this here,
Overrun
was originally for control freaks.
the part two of Control Freaks was
scrapped entirely and it became an
ongoing joke for a long time of people
like be like, "Oh, uh, Control Freaks
part two, when is it coming out?" And
and it's just like likening the release
of Control Freaks Part Two as like a
HalfLife 3 type situation.
Um,
but
this existed. Our overrun was originally
made for for control freaks. Here's what
the original demo sounded like.
Oh, wait. That's part one. Interlude
part two. Powerhouse. Here we go.
[Music]
And that's all this is.
Um, a week later this happened.
Smoke from your mouth. You might step in
the subway. Look left and then right.
Your tongue is distain with the remnants
of
your kingdom are slowly burning down and
our echoes to the edge of the town
hiding to come. Now there's nowhere you
can run. Your sickly powered house
rolled under one gun. You'll falter for
an answer by psych magic means the
newspaper today wrote all about your
goddamn fs. The windows burn the doors
and get the sea. You're a control freak
with the [__] you want from me.
So this demo and the previous version
including this one, these are both from
2014. I would have been 15 years old.
Um,
a few months later, this one happened at
the start of in February of 2015.
[Music]
Wars of your kingdom are slowly burning
down. Anarchy goes to the edge of the
town
to come now. There's nowhere you can
run. Your sickly powered house rolled
under one gun. Your fer
psychic means the newspaper
goddamn
windows burn. At first, most of this was
just new vocals,
but then this was the first new parts
[Music]
firing all around this ruining. They
thinking everything was near and dear to
me.
Do you think there will be a city where
we live peacefully?
They brainwashed every cult in this
world. This forward powerhouse is under
their own
crying in the middle of the streets at
night.
I can't take this anymore.
And the thing was is that demo was in
2015. The first two were in 2014. And by
the time I made that demo, um, I started
to take a hiatus from it.
A year passes. 2016 now.
[Music]
Pacing under the host tonight.
Most of the 2016 demo was just redoing
the vocals. And
by the time I finished that demo, I
thought to myself, I am like physically
not ready to do this song because I
don't know enough about music yet. Um,
I've been releasing music for 4 years at
that point. And I was like, this idea is
too advanc like the thing that I want to
do with this song eventually is too
advanced for what I know how to do with
now. I'm going to put it to the side.
So 2014, two demos, 2015 one demo, 2016
one demo. Two years pass again.
So we're now 4 years out from the
original demo and I'm working on
Homeward and the original idea for
Overrun was it was supposed to be from
the perspective of Spectre. Um, at the
time the original demo was created, our
code name for Spectre was the master
alicorn cuz we didn't quite have him
fully developed yet.
And so, um, I was working on Homeward
and this Homeward was the Spectre reveal
where you you learn about Spectre, you
meet Spectre. And so, it's like, okay,
I'm going to go back to the demo now.
It's been 2 years since the last one. I
think I can maybe do it.
And um what that eventually led to was
obviously
[Music]
racing under the light. Smoke from your
mouth. Kill you as it might. Step in the
subway. Look left and the right. Your
tongue is sustained with the remnants of
light. The walls of your kingdom slowly
burning down. Anarchy echoes to the edge
of the town.
I need you to come now. There's nowhere
you can run. Your sickly powerhouse
ruled under one gun. You fall too far
for an answer by psycho magic means the
newspaper today wrote all about your
goddamn fears. The windows brought up
and the doors hang at the seams. You're
a control freak with the sh.
[Music]
And now this is where it's clearly
clearly more robust than the original.
And then the big thing was after all
this timeless
you're all right.
You got yourself.
I basically had so this this was
finished at the end of 2018 at the
beginning of 2019.
So if we call this you know finished in
2019 I basically had 5 years to think
about that part of the song. I had 5
years to like let that idea marinate in
my head because that's how I wanted it
to sound but I just couldn't do it. I
couldn't sing it originally. I didn't
know how to compose that or produce it.
Um,
and so like
I I I felt like it was I felt like it
was the right move to just keep waiting
until I was better at music to do
Overrun. Cuz anyone who knows my old
music, I'm trying to imagine what
Overrun would have sounded like if I
tried to produce and perform that at the
level of skill I was in 2014 when like,
you know, Fall to the Clouds was like my
biggest song, right?
That's that's like a perspective to
have. Um, and so Overrun
wouldn't have been what it became if I
didn't trash control freaks part two.
Um, and that's the funniness of it all.
But Overrun took five years to make
essentially of just going back in and
practicing everything and
re-recording a bunch of times until I I
knew exactly how to sing it.
Uh, and the other funny thing is, uh,
around the time I originally made the
first Overrun demo or the second one, I
also made another demo.
[Applause]
There was there was another demo I had
made for a different song idea around
the same time I made that original
Overrun demo in February. When was the
first one?
4 days before the Overrun 2015 demo. 5
days before the Overrun 20
Let me try this again. I'm stumbling
over my words. 5 days before the second
demo of Overrun, which I did in 2015,
I made this demo.
[Music]
Yeah.
Heat.
[Music]
So,
so everyone who has gotten into my music
at this point has probably heard what
this is supposed to be. This demo is
from February 13th, 2015.
Now,
obviously,
this is
in the name of friendship,
a song that released 9 years later.
Um, obviously, cuz Girls Who are Wizards
was the album. The idea with Girls for
Wizards was I wanted to make the album
that I wish I could have made as like a
13, 14year-old, but I wasn't good enough
to do it yet. And so, of course, I was
going to hang on to that demo as well.
And finally, 9 years later, I finished
In the Name of Friendship. So, again, if
we play this, the the the first minute
is basically ex almost exactly how I
left it in 2015.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
So all of this, including the rain, like
there's foley in the background. That
was in a different demo that I didn't
export
right up until this point. It's just
completely untouched other than some
mixing tweaks. And then it hits you with
the new stuff.
[Music]
And yet
and yet
this part of the song is new,
but not entirely as well because you you
know what this is.
Oh,
not this one.
Uh,
[Applause]
save up my [__] excellent reveal.
This one. No, it's not. Where is it?
Holy [__] Help me.
I'll just go to the [__] folder.
Find it manually. Here we go.
So this part here
[Music]
is also
the same exact instruments as the bridge
and my past is not today.
[Music]
It's a different melody and progression,
but it's the same instruments.
[Music]
So,
um yeah.
Uh, in the name of friendship is like
basically
my way of like
taking care of that weird teenage
version of myself that wanted to make
this album a long time ago. Um, I had
heard in the name of friendship that
demo I had listened to it every single
year since I had made it. I never forgot
it. And when I was working on Girls for
Wizards, I was like, "God damn, I know
it's the time to finish this song, but
like I'm really scared because like I
had listened to this demo every year for
9 years." And in my mind, I was like,
"God, I'm going to ruin it. I'm going to
like ruin whatever my perception of it
was. I'm not going to do this properly.
I'm not going to like make it good
enough." And what was crazy is that the
moment I brought I opened up that old
project, fixed everything up so I could
work on it, I I suddenly every fear I
had just completely dissipated and I
immediately knew how to handle the song.
I was going to give myself a couple of
weeks to make the song. I ended up
finishing it in only a few days.
I only spent a few days taking it from
the original 2015 demo demo to this.
[Music]
Actually, and I know I know I'm going to
play Resident Evil very soon, but I just
need to open the project for this
actually
because
this song is more than just, you know,
finishing
this old idea.
songs from every era of my music are
inside of it as well, which is like
something that really excites me a lot.
Um, including my uh song I didn't make
my favorite one of my favorite Savant
songs, survive, I sampled
in it.
And like listen, when I made in the name
when I finished Girls Hair Wizards, when
I finished in the Name of Friendship, I
had like I was on the cusp of turning 26
years old.
Um, and I [__] started this song when
I was 16, man.
Like
that that that is a lot to process for
me.
And like the full circleness of In the
Name of Friendship is is like maybe one
of the most profound things I had done
up to Monarch.
Uh,
and I'm really happy with it. Like I I'm
telling you right now that what what the
song finally ended up being is probably
exactly what I wanted to do when I was
16.
Um,
and as a result, I put a bunch of my old
songs
in this song as well. Let's see.
[Music]
First of all, the goat of all goats,
silence for our lead saw synth. Love
you. Silence. My most beautiful
cherished thing.
[Music]
Song of home from Super Pony World 2016.
Will this show the whole thing? No, this
won't. But I can show what it is.
This choir is from Savant's song Survive
Off of Oracle.
that sound.
[Music]
I think I also added my own sounds in
there, but I flattened it into one
sound, so it would just like But most of
that is built off of the survive choir.
One of my all-time favorite songs,
Survive, what is a 10 out of 10 song
over here.
There are one, two, three, four, five of
my old songs in just this sequence right
here.
First, Great Unknown.
Great unknown 2016. I was 17 years old
when I made this one.
[Music]
Little
Uh 2016. I was 17 as well. Here comes
the big kicker. These next ones are a
few kickers.
[Music]
Oh, wait. Not this one.
[__] pony hype, you [__]
[__] pony hype.
I made this song when I was 14. 2013.
Let's get that [__] in there.
Y'all Y'all [__] thought I would
forget about pony hype. Never forgot
about pony hype.
One up.
Here's one up. 2016, 17 years old.
[Music]
[__] Winter's End.
I was 23. It was 2013. I was 14 years
old when I made this one, too.
[Music]
So all of that just for this one
segment.
[Music]
This is all great unknown.
I think that's technically it for these.
I'm trying to double check to see if
there's anything else. I'll say it in
the file name. What is that? Oh, well,
there's the there's the love letters
letter she wrote me in the background
here.
[Music]
And of course, you know,
What's this?
Oh, that's just a
Yeah.
[Music]
You know how we do it.
And what's funny is, you know, how I was
saying that these are the exact same
instruments from um My Pass is Not
Today.
It's not just the same ones. I pulled
them from the original My Past Is Not
Today project into this one. It's not
just a recreation or like using the same
presets that I had made. These are
pulled from the original project. That's
why they're called Little Town and
Little Strings because they were called
that in the original project.
So,
double checking to see if there's
anything else.
Oh, this this this thing old is just um
all the original stems.
So, you know,
this is the way, etc., etc., etc.
Um, but yeah, I've been
Oh, and um there's another even more
full circle moment in Love and Pony
Step. And this one I was talking about
in a stream or two ago, but I'll repeat
myself. I actually ended up finishing
a song demo that I had that is older
than No matter What for Love and Pony
Stout. So the song is called My Name is
Vinyl. It's a song that I originally
wrote
13 years ago
and I had the original project file for
it in Garage Band.
I went in there, pulled some of the
stuff that I wanted to use in in the
song.
And long story short, a song that I
wrote when I was 13,
13 years ago, was finished for Love and
Pony Step.
Um,
I'll play some of it so you can hear it
and so you can listen for it in the
album.
Let me grab it.
First, I'll show the the exact
file stuff for it.
November 24, 2012. That predates my
first publicly available song by one
month.
So,
Um, let me grab it. And here you go.
[Music]
[Applause]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Applause]
Hello.
[Music]
Hey,
hey,
[Music]
hey.
It is totally bad in an amazing way.
Yeah. Like it [__] like sucks, but
there's something about it that I just
really love. A big part of that is that
melody obviously. I don't know how I
wrote that when I was um 13, but I did.
Um,
and also someone said, uh, reminds them
of, uh, was it Balloon Party? Oh, I'm
checking. Someone said something Balloon
Party. Yeah, Balloon Party vibes. Um,
I was sharing on stream the other night
the booklet stuff I was doing for Love
and Pony Step.
And let me just let me just pull up the
the project for it really quickly.
So, here's the here's the booklet I was
working on for Love & Pony Step. And uh
on the topic of Balloon Party, I made
this little thing.
This is like iTunes if it would have if
it was good.
Huge fan. Love it.
Yeah, the whole booklet is just making
it look like, you know, desktop
stuff.
Also, uh,
huge fan of of this page because this is
one of this is a photo of one of my
first performances ever.
These two photos are 12 years apart.
It's It's kind of nuts.
Oh, good. Hi, Cara.
Which loing pony step song is that used
in? Which one?
Uh, which which what's which what's
which used in what? The neon cat shirt.
Yeah, I need a I need a neon cat shirt.
I need to get that swag back.
Yeah, these photos are are 12 years
apart. It's like terrifying.
Also, iPad.
I think
I can't quite tell what's on screen, but
I think that's
Scratton screaming. Some more. Scream me
some more.
Old bit you just played. Which song do
you reuse for that? Oh, for for laugh
and pony sad the title track. I reused
it for that.
Um, and these are all like actual
things. Like I can start taking apart
this file.
It's It's cool.
Um, but yeah, mainly the main thing I
want to show is this
cuz like iTunes if it were good.
I'm also I also like the credit section.
I don't know what possessed me to do it
this way, but I did it this way.
So guys, Love and Pony Step in just like
less than 20 hours. So, you know. Okay,
enough dillydallying. Let's play the
[__] video game for who knows how
long at this point because I've been
talking for two hours again.
At least it's earlier than last time.
Unfortunately, I like talking about
music.
Let's see this. Um
Oh, yeah. and Love and Pony Step is is
my longest album since Fairy Tales.
Thank you. Okay, for your kind words.
Okay, guys. Wait, make your bets. If I
when I switch over to my PlayStation, is
it going to be upside down? Yes, for
upside down. No for not upside down. Cuz
I don't know.
It likes it it does it very selectively.
Also again this this artwork falling in
love with the corporate illustration was
drawn by Elena Fortune who did the cover
for Girls Who are Wizards. Um Elena
Fortune he is like the goest goest
goatest goest ronut in the history of
the universe.
Okay, everyone thinks it's going to be
upside down. All right, let's go. Let's
see. You ready?
Oh, it's the right side up. Oh, it's
right side up. Uhoh.
[Music]
Damn. I really thought it was going to
be upside down.
Oh well.
Top side. Top side up. Enjoyers rejoice.
I see the America.
Anyway, as usual, gaming begins to watch
the viewer count drop by 50%.
I should guys.
Okay.
What?
I don't know. Huh?
What is this for?
Just look at admire polygons. Really?
We get a fish.
Wait, that's really it.
It's legitimately just like
that's all this is.
Okay.
Like whatever.
New sound fight.
Fish whisper too. Dubstep growl ass
fish.
I'm a little red whale swimming in the
sea.
I've got a red tail. Come and swim with
me. Right. Okay.
So,
except this situation,
I couldn't figure out a way to do this
quietly.
I couldn't do I couldn't figure out a
way to do this loudly.
And where am I trying to going? Where am
I where am I trying to going?
Am I even going anywhere of value?
Do I want to go this way?
I'm supposed to go there.
Where am I trying to going?
I don't even know where this going.
This just like a PNG in the background.
That's kind of sweet.
Let me backtrack.
Go, white boy. Go
to the crunchy spongus.
No bird.
Why not treat yourself, mate?
I've already did. I've I've already did.
I think the grammar is not grammaring
today.
I can't backtrack. It's locked.
I've already did.
Okay.
Well,
looks like killing is the way. No
grandma today.
as a sentence.
Maybe he went to go make some breakfast.
Uh, breakfast is the way.
Sadistic tushi ass line. Okay. Um,
see, like I can obviously like pick some
of them off from here, but that's kind
of lame, isn't it? Was she playing this
game the intended way?
Oh,
so many delicious rocks.
Good to see you, Feather.
Thanks for coming.
All right, let's just let me just let me
just run. Maybe running is the way.
Unfortunately, Leon runs really slow.
Okay, we're only getting explosions.
Can I eat some
food? Thank you.
They
keep coming.
How do I use the grenade?
Oh, relax.
I clearly don't know what I'm doing.
How do I use the grenade?
Well, I can look at it.
Can you stop?
Like straight up not a big deal.
I myself
situation.
Hello.
Okay.
I'm so noob at this.
Hi.
One down.
Oh my chicken.
Oh, maybe that's the point. Maybe they
spawn infinitely and I'm supposed to get
the chicken.
That's nuts and bolts.
It feels like I'm seeing less of them,
though.
Did they just say hold on?
Must have slipped,
Leon. Okay, I think they're spawning
infinitely.
So, I think the point isn't to fight
them.
There's just a lot in the houses. Oh,
okay. Are they going to respawn if I if
I like whatever
Oh, it's cute.
Clown house.
Chicken acquired.
[Music]
There's like a rudess component to this.
I was stabbing.
How do these people Well, they're
zombies. I was like, these are like real
people. They'd be like kind of, you
know, oh, I hate that you shot me
character.
Yabaoo.
Oh god, he runs worse when he's like low
on health.
I know that's like a real life thing,
but
breaks over, I suppose. Welcome. Got a
selection of good things on sale,
stranger.
Got nothing.
Next time buy something. Eh,
I'd love to
meaningless.
Oh my Oh my lord. Lean is so fine. Guys,
welcome to Resident Evil with Young
Lean.
Can I disarm these?
Wait, why didn't I see it?
How do I disarm these? I wonder if I
could place something on it.
[Applause]
We guarding this box.
No one.
Young Leon.
Okay. Well,
these bear traps
are bear traps.
Yeah.
[Applause]
Oh, mystery meat.
It's like of an unknown origin. Hello.
Who makes sound?
What's the reason for it?
Okay.
What is that sound?
Bear trap. Every day of my life.
I need to look at the ground.
Leon, it's fine.
Ask yourself, what would Pilford do? Oh,
you
[Music]
No, the police get to stop me.
Are you
Give me a break already.
Dude,
[Applause]
you suck at Fortnite. I'm so much
better. It's
not easy.
I got a green one. This one's for the
green guy.
for the green guy.
Seriously, what is with all C4?
This spare trap is closed.
Well, that one's not closed.
Won't open.
I know. That's typically how doors work,
remember?
Man, I don't have enough trinkets.
Hi.
Stop being lame.
Leon, it's okay.
It's fine.
Not too shabby.
Someone has shown up their neighbors.
I don't know what that means.
Egg.
I want the egg. Thank you. Wait. Give me
the egg. Leon, get the egg. Chris, get
the banana.
What?
The real horror of this game is
attempting to get the That is a
mysterious animal. That's a bunny. The
real horror of this game is trying to
get that [__] egg prompt.
Oh, I was wondering when I was going to
get small key.
Oh, wait. I like this
old photos.
I think I just killed that guy.
precariously placed wardrobe.
Will you be very fun? Oh, wait.
Okay.
Hand grenade.
I don't even know where to begin with
trying to figure out what where to find
the symbols.
Who and why?
Hello Dexro
said hi.
Hello
Lovely.
Crop swine herd pig babe.
Moonlight Jay Glow with
Did you feed Cheeto? Oh [__]
Where is the [__] my cheetah?
Thank you for reminding me. Moonlight
left.
Okay.
Wow.
[Applause]
Cool.
Eat an egg.
Is a zombie noise or a chips being eaten
loudly?
This is a whole path.
It sure is a noise. Yeah.
How do I take it out?
Rotation evil.
Help me.
Just another day at the rotation
factory.
There's like an eating people component
to it.
I wanted to do something else there.
Leon, you
[Applause]
The blood has accepted the gift.
[Music]
Like what?
I don't want a gift.
Gift
my blood.
Okay.
[Music]
Umbrella.
I should have left him in that bag to
rot.
Copy that. Making my way to the church.
Condor one out.
Hold on. Why is this not doing a thing?
Hold on.
Now announcing moonlight glow.
Moonlight said, "Yo yo yo what it is,
motherfuckers."
Okay.
Beck said, "Hello, Moonlight.
We're playing the white boy video game.
So the lights
boy
You too, huh?
It's going to kill me.
[Music]
Wait, it's like my friend
I'll let Leon get one.
I'll let him get another one.
These bear traps are legitimately
everywhere.
We're going
to
the Tesla headquarters.
It's underground.
Going away.
Effie.
Hello, Effie Bump.
I'm playing I'm playing the scared white
boy character.
Dex said.
Hello, Dad.
Said nothing has a game.
What?
count too.
Oh, that's
Oh, this is the
this is the place.
We're back.
When you just see
Oh, yeah. Gwen, you're just in Discord.
You're just streaming pond right now.
Am I uh
There you go.
Yay.
What is the purple in the YouTube chat
with like the crown thing?
I don't know. I It's like ranking
people's interactivity.
I Okay,
but it seems really arbitrary. Like I
don't understand how it works.
That's like a thing, I guess.
The leaderboard.
Oh god. Where are you? Here. Here.
Resets every stream.
Is that my Augie?
[Applause]
I want to go pet the dogs.
I'm going to go pet the dog.
God, this reminds me of the dogs from
Elden Ring.
It's crazy.
Not as scary as the Elden Ring dogs, but
these ones are kind of terrifying.
I don't like noises.
I
think they had handgun ammo on them as
many dogs do.
As many dogs do. Well, I think it was
gunpow, but yeah.
[Music]
Relax.
It's like a character.
Like a character.
Who?
I
Good.
I think that didn't work.
[Music]
Sorry. Must have slipped.
[__] died.
Is the potholes that opened or whatever
this is?
I got zero access.
I love that the protagonist in this game
is like the biggest idiot of all time.
He's I love him.
Yeah. I mean
Yeah.
I won't say more.
like some of the campiest oneliners
like ever in a scenario that really like
should not work for them.
I'm not going to lie, this kind of looks
like my room by the weekend.
I get it.
I like see you.
This guy sucks at this game.
Be nice to the mouse. The mouse is You
can't kill the mouse. Oh,
I didn't I
didn't
So cute. Anyway,
mean
it was like annoying me.
Do they like give you anything even?
Nope. That was just for fun.
Don't you have like limited ammo?
Yes.
Be nice.
Oh, there's like kind of Okay.
Probably just for maneuvering whenever
[__] happens.
Be mice. True.
Be mice.
Shout out to Wear Vixen for be mice.
Shout out to We were wearing for be
mice. Shout out to where we're wearing
for be mice.
Everyone's been saying this.
All right, let's have a grand old time.
these mice.
Someone should make like a animal that's
like a bee and a mouse.
That'd be like awesome, I think.
Animal.
How much space does that take up?
Two grenades worth.
Wait a martin.
By Martin Garton.
Whoa. Big ass head.
It's like a big shrimp.
Big ass head is in the building.
A pee vice. A me or a vice?
Mhm.
Captain Shrek. Captain Shrek.
What?
Captain Shrek is in the building.
Captain should act,
right?
Okay.
Not really, but okay.
It's that one. The things one etica bit.
I
Oh. Oh, I do know that. Okay. I had to
remember
We're introducing a new mode called go
and take a shower.
Go and take a shower.
Also, I need to pay attention to what
time it is cuz
I have to make sure I turn turn off my
window
at the right time.
Oh, you
look like that's like the purple fire.
They didn't want to say it to me
directly. They had to write a note and I
like so get it.
Talking to people is hard.
I have some new goods that might
interest you.
Never mind.
You interest.
Okay. Hey
man,
I can understand being I can understand
being stressed out. Looks like their
mind is all over the place.
Welcome. I've got something new for you,
mate.
Why not try your hand at a new gun,
stranger? Might save your life.
I'll buy almost anything.
Almost.
A deal well struck.
Right.
Okay.
You'll cut through the crowd with that
right there.
Not only will you need cash, but you'll
need guts to buy that weapon.
Came into some other bits and bobs, too.
Nate.
Oh, my back is killing me. You haven't
been kind to us, I suppose. Got a
selection of good things on sale,
stranger.
Come back anytime.
Yes. Row.
Would you take a dead snake? I mean,
clearly they will.
South three vipers.
Okay,
welcome. Got some rare things on sale.
Straight. I knew you were a go-getter.
Anything. Don't get yourself killed now.
I know.
It does occur to me that 11 pony step is
premiering in hours.
Wow,
that's [__] crazy.
Said yes, bro.
Okay people, tomorrow morning.
Yep. Yep. Yep.
Violet pony's coming to town.
What
a church. I made it.
Let's get a PA system in there. Let's
get the convolution reaper. You all
ready?
Y ready?
Oh, it sound just like Chris Lord's
Algae's house.
This is the guy from Bloodborne.
A little easier than I remember.
Oh my god.
There's like symbols everywhere. I don't
know what they mean yet.
Moonlight glow. What do you mean? 11
point said by zinc water came out. See,
I mean, you you're just like saying a
few things every now and then.
Damn it.
Gondor one to roost. The church is
sealed up.
Negative. Nothing yet. But they sure do
have this place locked up tight.
Oh, she's here. That's for sure. I'll
find a way in. Condor one out.
Still have no idea why I can't hear
that.
Moonlight glow. It's really cool.
Thank you, Swaggle Batches 3000.
Thank you, Swaggle Batches 3000. Bean,
can you change your name to that on
YouTube?
Controller audio. Oh,
good call.
We're all going to feel the consequences
of your actions really soon. I like
don't think that is going to happen to
me because I'm special and awesome.
Dex said, "Relax."
That actually might have just fixed it.
We're We'll We'll find out next time,
but
Yeah. Nice.
I honestly don't know what I'm going to
do after Love & Pony Steps. The only
thing I was looking forward to. Uh Well,
don't worry. It's going to get like
eight sequels.
Well, don't worry. I'm working on the
next album.
Let's hope for no more surprises.
And I see the seller down there. I just
want to go out here.
Love and pony step three is like really
bad, but five is pretty good.
But five is pretty good.
You have to understand 11 pony step
three is just winter's end too.
And five well
well you know
well you know apathy too.
I'm going to the grocery store
the
reference.
Now I'm remembering the Wii controller
speak. Oh wait, so uh uh
top five videos
like out of the you get it.
Was this entire ladder dedicated
specifically to just getting a flash
grenade?
Maybe.
Okay.
Motorcycle.
Motorcycle though. Boater.
Okay.
Did not realize that key goes in here.
Maybe it didn't. Maybe I just used it
for no reason.
Okay, next save checkpoint I will I will
stop playing.
Have you guys seen Leon dubbed over?
I guess it's like a viral video where
Leon from Resident Evil dubs over
and then Leon goes, "I'm not even
supposed to be here." Right.
Yeah.
Little chopped down the main street.
Whoa. Two motorcycles with a house in
between.
Yeah, a house.
We're going back to the lake. It's fish
whisper time.
Okay.
We weren't able to get Lenol Brown back
for the Love and Pony Step sequels, but
don't worry, we have Tim Robinson doing
the character now.
That would be really funny actually.
Also, what the [__] is this?
I That's like a thing.
Can we get Zinc Cube?
I'm DJ Lville Brown, right?
Yeah.
I think I'm falling in love with this
thing.
thing. That thing is definitely going to
save me. Yeah. Hi.
Chicken spaghetti from Chickalinis.
Okay, your torso.
[Music]
Need more. I need more.
Uh-oh. This guy sucks at Resident Evil.
Uh-oh.
[Music]
Don't call me that.
It's actually happened to a virtuous
friend of mine. All
this never happens to a vicious friend
of the
[Applause]
bellow lemon drop.
Vanilla lemon drops. Don't mind if I
don't
[__]
Give me a break already.
Give me a snake already. Next set. I'm
not breathing in toxic gas.
No, you don't.
I have breathing intoxic.
But I do.
But I do. I didn't
die with him.
[Music]
These are my cereals. It took me 9 years
to collect the cereals.
Violet, can you do a cover for me?
Dude,
that was annoying.
Don't do that again.
You
sorry must have slipped.
Leon announcing
now announcing moonlight.
Hi.
You stop.
Let me let me reload. Wait.
Yeah, it's a it's a Discord kind of
component.
Leon is such a cutie pie. Well,
Leon's kind of like a pathetic white
boy. I'm I'm a fan of him.
Yes.
If I go down there for that barrel, how
do I get back up?
That's it. A link.
A link.
Next set or like a pathetic white boy.
Really? Thank you.
Be nice to our fluffy
fluffy pants.
Yes. No.
No. That's like that. I don't know. It's
what it's like weird to say hear you
like say the username correctly.
You're That's me calling you. That's me
calling you downstairs when I'm mad at
you.
Yeah. Fluffy Jpants. Get down here this
morning. I thought you weapon safe
enough. Kins.
Yeah, I thought you were going to say
fluffy bump or something of the variety.
I'm being annoying. You're being so
annoying right now.
Like, relax about
the 51 by the way.
The 52 has been retired. I killed the
other. I mean,
I didn't do anything.
I'm not in trouble at all.
Well, yeah, cuz
you
hope that explains it. Thank you.
Said, "Okay, said you should change it
to fluffy ultimate."
Fluffy pants ultimate. Okay.
Should change it to fluffy pants
ultimate
4x
they made hypograph festival from your
song into a real thing in the show not
deluxe.
No way.
I like would protect Leon from harm, but
I kind of like watching him get like
like smacked around a little bit.
It's kind of fun. For a second, I
thought you were being attacked by like
a knight. Wait, like a knight? Relax.
Take a chill pill about it.
I knew you were going to do that. I'm
I'm like predictable, but I'm funny.
Wait, what happened?
The elves.
My my my awesome bit.
You're funny.
What was the bit? I completely spaced
out.
Well, I went I went night.
Yeah,
good luck finding someone big enough to
use this thing. Foreshadowing,
maybe.
[Applause]
There's blue metallions here.
This looks like it's going to be
enjoyable.
[Applause]
Can you burst out of there already? I
know the gimmick.
Oh,
one down.
I got dog. Can you chill out?
One down.
It's like, okay, bro.
Yeah, I hear your growling.
I love that Shadow the Hedgehog quote
where he's like, "This is as easy as
taking candy from a baby, which is fine
by me."
Wait,
he [__] loves taking candy from
Was that an actual thing he said or a
stab cube? Like,
no, that's an actual thing he said. it
the it's intended to be like like it's
fine by him how easy it is is like what
it's meant to be but the way it's
written it really makes it sound like
he's just like I [__] love taking
candy for babies.
Yeah,
Shadow's like a fun character. I think
I love taking candy from babies.
You're like Baba City World
or like Fluffy City.
Like Fluffy
Fluffy City 2.0.
I have something I think you like.
Mhm.
There are enough weapons here to get a
party going.
Okay.
Welcome. Got some rare things on sale,
stranger.
I'll buy almost anything.
Well done, stranger.
Thank you. I'm really good at this.
Give that the care it deserves, mate. I
don't always have this in stock,
stranger. Wield, what can I do you for?
Not bad.
Knowledge is power. Remember that, mate.
Come back anytime.
Okay.
What are your thoughts on kindness,
Luigi? It's not better than kindness,
baddy.
Kindness batty, right?
Sorry. Okay. Um,
enough gaming today.
I think it was like
I talked for 2 hours and did video game
for 1 hour, but it's like whatever.
But thanks hores for coming to our
thing. And uh this is the last stream
before 11 pony stuff comes out. So
everyone should be there if you can be
awake for it.
Bye.